[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/machine-learning-services/workspaces/computes/README.md

> # Machine Learning Workspaces Computes `[Microsoft.MachineLearningServices/workspaces/computes]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Machine Learning Services Workspaces Computes `[Microsoft.MachineLearningServices/workspaces/computes]`
```

> This module deploys a Compute for a Machine Learning Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys a Machine Learning Services Workspaces Compute.
```
